Copyright (C) 2014 Synapse Wireless, Inc.

This software was developed by Synapse Wireless, Inc. for use by Industrial 
Scientific Corporation.  It was developed and is being delivered under the 
Design Service License provided in the SNAP(TM) Script Uploader Development 
Proposal.  Use of this software must be in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the aforementioned license (included below for reference).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Deliverables as defined herein, newly designed and developed by Synapse 
pursuant to this agreement (collectively referred to as “Licensed Technology”) 
shall be owned by Synapse and licensed to Customer according to the terms 
outlined in this proposal and with the following limitations.

No Intellectual Property (IP) Rights To Any Core Synapse Software And Other 
Existing Technology Are Granted

The Licensed Technology may be designed to interface or otherwise operate with 
products owned or marketed by Synapse (“Synapse Products”), including but not 
limited to software and modules for implementing, controlling, and monitoring 
wireless networks and for executing and interpreting instructions of the 
Software. Synapse Products shall include, but are not limited to, modules 
currently or previously marketed by Synapse under the mark RF Engine® and the 
Synapse Network Application Protocol software currently or previously marketed 
by Synapse under the marks SNAPTM , PortalTM and SNAPTM Connect, 
SNAP Lighting.com, SNAP Lighting Cloud Service as well as all improvements, 
modifications, and derivatives thereof. Synapse Products shall also include all 
software and hardware owned by Synapse as of the date of execution of this 
Agreement, as well as all software and hardware conceived of, designed, or 
developed by Synapse outside of the obligations of this Agreement. Customer 
agrees that Synapse owns all rights, title, and interest in the Synapse Products 
and except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, no licenses or intellectual 
property rights in the Synapse Products are conveyed to Customer.

Licenses To Core Synapse Software Are Not Waived

To the extent that Customer desires to interface or operate the Licensed 
Technology with any Synapse Product, then Customer shall separately purchase or
license such Synapse Product.

License That Is Granted Is Limited to Modifications

If Synapse, pursuant to its obligations under this Agreement, creates or 
develops the Licensed Technology by modifying original software or hardware that
is owned by Synapse prior to such modifications, then Customer shall have a 
world-wide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, and perpetual license to use the 
modifications to the original software or hardware created or developed pursuant
to this Agreement for the sole purpose of designing, developing, manufacturing,
and distributing the products and nodes contemplated by this Agreement, but 
Synapse shall retain all right, title, and interest in the software or hardware, 
as well as all improvements, modifications, and derivatives of the original 
software or hardware that are developed or otherwise created by Synapse. 
Customer shall not have the right to sub-license the software that is licensed 
to Customer pursuant to this Agreement, and Customer shall not make copies of 
the licensed software or distribute the licensed software or hardware except to 
the extent necessary to design, develop, manufacture, and distribute the 
products and nodes contemplated by this Agreement.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
